hello very good we are all here
now in a boxing I think in the title
of video you already know what it is not about
helmets that broke my
mine last week on a trip that
I did I took the computer broke the
helmets I have to buy some new ones
and until then he can not even do
videos or anything and well then let's start
the unboxing are helmets that have
cost 50 euros worth not worth 50 because
with shipping and everything because if
50 852 that's because in dollars they can
be about 65 about 70 a knife
perfect ceramic to cut already
They know that I bought everything I started
components do not take the shipments to me
house of protection here to butt
this looks like a mat this from the
Beach
and my name represented here are the
helmets are 7.1 are all a few pieces
of helmet and finally I have limited myself to
the limited more than anything to buy
helmets super super good no 15 helmets
gaming
pretty good for what I was seeing
out there in videos have up to the
vibration the helmets to imagine
little machine for that I bring here in my
piece of knife to cut the fish
this
Hello
I do not have one anymore I do not have anything like that
able to take it out now
it's true that this has more
wrapper that I god of mine when I was born
here we have the middle box
all right
until we have the house
wow let's dedicate the helmets basically
the cable the cable weigh a barrel weighs
plus cable that good helmets
see what wonder of helmets only
I had to stay I'm playing ua
notice what gentleness here this for the
head that touch that I go quality of
helmet has here the microphone has the
volume the little button d
of the light that will light up is not a
little button is a holocaust
the little button of violation the volume
it's pretty good the cases are weighed
They do not weigh much but they are sturdy
robust is not what I like the most
sponge is for the head that has
with a gold connection usb connection in
nothing to connect so you can see it for
a better connection have put cables of
gold there is an adhesive tape here
I shit on God perhaps the tape of 5
just look
Hair is made of gold the
connections being the cable of cables
copper as I always thought two meters and
medium cable here so I can
to form with this can the house to me
neighbor connect me deficiency the
connections now you can not well
would make it clear yes
good
the calculations are pretty good
brought because it brings something else as well as
they are 7.1 bring up drivers and all
the helmets because you know everything has its
own sound system the truth that
They are pretty good that I miss anything
bring to the connection
connection code you bring has 7.1 virtual
that's an excellent sound for the one who
is playing in the battlefield and for the
Fuck the shit with this over
I have thought a paper baterfi 4 no
it is impressive this has requirements
of the system then already in almost all the
world two and a half meters of cable lime
has to leave the sun of deaf has
vibration the vibration has to be the
I'm playing host when they're shooting at me
begins to vibrate the helmets wants to be
a wonder not good then nothing up
here is a boxing I hope I can do
now more videos since I have here a
helmet that I finally have them can be
open around here and we all see each other in the
next video